Do a write up for the followings:? 
1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 ?
A)	  		HTTP1.1	     
  Text based protocol that is in the readable form.
  HTTP1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it.  
  The Refresh rate HTPP1.1 is slow.

			HTTP2
  It is a binary protocol (HTTP requests are sent in the form of 0s and 1s). Needs to be converted back from binary in order to read it.
  HTTP2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.
  The Refresh rate HTPP2 is very fast compared to HTTP1.1 .

2. http version history 
A) The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application layer protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information systems.
   HTTP is the foundation of data communication for the World Wide Web.

   HTTP/0.9:-It is the initial version of HTTP documented in a year 1991, it's a simple client-server, request-response, telenet-friendly protocol. 
             No status/error codes, No URLs, No versioning. Methods supported GET only and Response type hypertext only.
             No HTTP headers (cannot transfer other content type files).

   HTTP/1.0:-It was realease in the year 1996. It was Browser-friendly protocol. In this Methods supported are GET, HEAD, POST.
             Connection nature terminated immediately after the response.

   HTTP/1.1:-It was first documented in year 1997. It This Methods supported are GET, HEAD, POST, PUT, DELETE, TRACE, OPTIONS.
             Introduced critical performance optimizations and feature enhancements — persistent and pipelined connections, chunked transfers, compression/decompression, 
             virtual hosting (a server with a single IP Address hosting multiple domains), faster response and great bandwidth savings by adding cache support.
             Connection nature are long-lived.

   HTTP/2.0:-It was docun=mented in year 2015.
	     It is a binary protocol (HTTP requests are sent in the form of 0s and 1s). Needs to be converted back from binary in order to read it.
  	     HTTP2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.
             The Refresh rate HTPP2 is very fast compared to HTTP1.1

   HTTP/3.0:It was docunmented in year 2020.It is the third and upcoming major version of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol used to exchange information on the World Wide Web, alongside HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2.


3. List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) vs Nodejs 
A) 			  JS
    JavaScript is a programming language. It running in any browser with proper browser engine.
    Mainly use for any client-side activity for a web application.  
    javaScript running any engine like V8(Google Crome), Spider maonkey(Fire Fox), JavaScript Core(Safari).

			Node.js
    It is an interpreter and enviroment for JavaScript with some specific useful libraries which javaScript programming can use separately.
    It mainly using for accessind any non-blocking operation of any operating system.
    Node.js only run in V8 engine which mainly using by google chrome. and javascript program whcih will be written under this NodeJS will be always run in V3 Engine.



4. What happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser?
A) Below are the Steps when we type a URL in the address bar in the browser.
   1) You type www.example.com into the address bar of your browser.  
   2) The browser checks the cache for a DNS record to find the corresponding IP address of www.example.com.
   3) If the requested URL is not in the cache, ISP’s DNS server initiates a DNS query to find the IP address of the server that hosts www.example.com.
   4) The browser initiates a TCP connection with the server.
   5) The browser sends an HTTP request to the webserver.
   6) Then the server handles the request and sends back a response.
   7) The server sends out an HTTP response.
   8)  The browser displays the HTML content (for HTML responses, which is the most common).
   
